Lin Xinnuo is the daughter of Lin's Group
He has a boyfriend
I heard that Jiang Haoran and Lin Xinnuo have been getting close recently
Could it be him?
Jiang Haoran
The son of that musical family
It is easy for Jiang Haoran to solve him
The Jiang family doesn't have much money
Bottom fishing is a breeze
I can use this method
This little thing
How can you get your hands dirty?
Hey, roll roll roll
Jiang Haoran
Did you do the bankruptcy of the Jiang family?
What does his bankruptcy have to do with me?
It better not be you.
I will use all the power of my neighbor to help him
You'd better stay out of this
Otherwise I don't mind us becoming enemies
Dad, what's the matter?
Recently, the company has had problems with funds.
Now the only one who can move the Jiang family is Lu Chi